Refactor MetalLB with Docusaurus (#1517)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/integrations/metallb.md

MetalLB is a load-balancer implementation for bare metal [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) clusters, using standard routing protocols. This integration is recommended for the on-prem cloud(s) and will help external service(s) get an IP address when the service type is set as LoadBalancer.

> MetalLB deploys a controller and a speaker. The speaker is deployed as a DaemonSet that runs on all nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetalLB deploys a controller and a speaker. The speaker is deployed as a DaemonSet on all nodes.
```

We can remove the able sentence and simplify the sentence.

## Versions Supported

<Tabs queryString="versions">

<TabItem label="0.13.x" value="0.13.x">

## Prerequisites

> - A Kubernetes cluster running Kubernetes 1.13.0 or later that does not already have network load-balancing functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Kubernetes cluster with Kubernetes version 1.13.0 or later that does not already have network load-balancing functionality.
```

> - A cluster network configuration that can co-exist with MetalLB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A cluster network configuration that does not conflict with MetalLB. For more information, refer to the official Kubernetes [Cluster Networking](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking) documentation
```
Minor touchup with an external reference to help the reader.

> - Some IPv4 addresses for MetalLB to hand out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure sufficient IPv4 addresses for MetalLB are available.
```
The sentence is a bit too informal. @ritawatson we should ask Kevin if has a number we can recommend.

## Parameters

The `addresses` parameter applies to the manifest-based MetalLB pack. You can provide multiple entries, but usually only one is needed.

| **Parameter** | **Description** |
|---------------|-----------------|
| `addresses`| This can be a range of addresses or a CIDR address. Examples:<br />192.168.250.48-192.168.250.55<br />192.168.250.0/24 |

## Usage

The *lb-metallb* manifest-based pack supports direct configuration of a Layer 2 (L2) IP address set. The *lb-metallb-helm* Helm-based pack provides an L2 address pool.

<br />

### Manifest

Manifest-based MetalLB supports direct configuration of an L2 IP address set. You can set either a range of addresses or use CIDR format, such as `192.168.250.48/29`. A more advanced MetalLB configuration, such as Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing requires you to write your own manifests and add them to the Palette cluster profile.

The example shows the syntax used to set an address range.

<br />

```yaml
manifests:
  metallb:
    images:
      controller: ""
      speaker: ""
    namespace: "metallb-system"
    avoidBuggyIps: true

>     addresses:
> 		- 192.168.250.48-192.168.250.55

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    addresses:
    - 192.168.250.48-192.168.250.55
```
Fixes the indentation

Use the `charts:metallb-full:configuration` parameter section to set resource types that MetalLB supports. The pack default gives you an L2 address pool. To set up a more advanced scenario, you can use the other resource types provided in the pack. The pack includes a commented-out example for each resource.

<br />

```yaml
charts:
  metallb-full:
    configuration:
      ipaddresspools:
        first-pool:
          spec:
            addresses:
              - 192.168.10.0/24
            avoidBuggyIPs: true
            autoAssign: true

      l2advertisements:
        default:
          spec:
            ipAddressPools:
              - first-pool

      bgpadvertisements: {}
      bgppeers: {}
      communities: {}
      bfdprofiles: {}
```
<br />

The `charts:metallb-full:metallb` parameter section provides access to all the options of the base chart that installs MetalLB. You don’t need to change anything unless you want to install MetalLB in Free Range Routing (FRR) mode. To use FRR mode, set the option to `true`, as the example shows. 

<br />

```yaml
charts:

> 	metallb-full:
> 		metallb:
> 			speaker:
> 				frr:
> 					enabled: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
charts:
  metallb-full:
    metallb:
      speaker:
        frr:
          enabled: true
```
Indentation fixes

```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="0.11.x" value="0.11.x">

## Prerequisites

> - A Kubernetes cluster running Kubernetes 1.13.0 or later that does not already have network load-balancing functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Kubernetes cluster with Kubernetes version 1.13.0 or later that does not already have network load-balancing functionality.

```

> - A cluster network configuration that can co-exist with MetalLB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A cluster network configuration that does not conflict with MetalLB. For more information, refer to the official Kubernetes [Cluster Networking](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking) documentation.
```

> - Some IPv4 addresses for MetalLB to hand out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure sufficient IPv4 addresses for MetalLB are available.
```

## Parameters

The `addresses` parameter applies to the manifest-based MetalLB pack. You can provide multiple entries but only one is typically needed.

| **Parameter** | **Description** |
|---------------|-----------------|
| `addresses`| This can be a range of addresses or a CIDR address. Examples:<br />192.168.250.48-192.168.250.55<br />192.168.250.0/24 |

## Usage

The *lb-metallb* manifest-based pack supports direct configuration of a Layer 2 (L2) IP address set.

Manifest-based MetalLB supports direct configuration of an L2 IP address set. You can set either a range of addresses or use CIDR format, such as `192.168.250.48/29`. A more advanced MetalLB configuration, such as Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing requires you to write your own manifests and add them to the Palette cluster profile.

The example shows the syntax used to set an address range.

<br />

```yaml
manifests:
  metallb:
    images:
      controller: ""
      speaker: ""
    namespace: "metallb-system"
    avoidBuggyIps: true

>     addresses:
> 		- 192.168.250.48-192.168.250.55

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    addresses:
    - 192.168.250.48-192.168.250.55
```
Indentation fix

```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Deprecated" value="Deprecated">

<WarningBox>

All versions of the manifest-based pack less than v0.9.x are considered deprecated. Upgrade to a newer version to take advantage of new features.

</WarningBox>

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Troubleshooting

If controller and speaker pods are not assigning new IP addresses that you provided in the MetalLB pack, it is likely pods in existing deployments do not have the latest configMap file. 

> Addresses you specify in MetalLB pack values go into a configMap called `config` in the `metallb-system` namespace. The MetalLB controller and speakers use the configMap as a volume mount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IP addresses you specify in MetalLB pack values go into a configMap called `config` in the `metallb-system` namespace. The MetalLB controller and speakers use the configMap as a volume mount.
```

Any changed IP addresses will get updated in the configMap. You can confirm this by issuing the following command.

<br />

```bash

> kubectl describe cm config -n metallb-system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl describe cm config --namespace metallb-system
```
Longform of the command `--namespace`

```

<br />
	
Since the controller and speaker pods are using a previous copy of the configMap, existing deployments are unaware of the changes made to configMap. 

<br />
<br />

To ensure updated addresses are reflected in the configMap, you need to restart the controller and speaker pods so they fetch the new configMap and start assigning new addresses correctly. Issue the commands below to restart the controller and speaker.

<br />

```bash

> 	kubectl rollout restart deploy controller -n metallb-system
> 	kubectl rollout restart ds speaker -n metallb-system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl rollout restart deploy controller --namespace metallb-system
kubectl rollout restart ds speaker --namespace metallb-system
```
Identation and longform

```

## Terraform

```hcl
data "spectrocloud_pack" "MetalLB" {
     name    = "lb-metallb"
     version = "0.13.5"
}
data "spectrocloud_pack" "MetalLB-Helm" {
     name    = "lb-metallb-helm"
     version = "0.13.7"
}
```

## References

- [MetalLB](https://metallb.universe.tf/) 

> - [MetalLB-GitHub ](https://github.com/metallb/metallb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MetalLB GitHub ](https://github.com/metallb/metallb)
```
These are two separate words, so we shouldn't don't need the dash.

Use the `charts:metallb-full:configuration` parameter section to set resource types that MetalLB supports. The pack default gives you an L2 address pool. To set up a more advanced scenario, you can use the other resource types provided in the pack. The pack includes a commented-out example for each resource.

<br />

```yaml
charts:
  metallb-full:
    configuration:
      ipaddresspools:
        first-pool:
          spec:
            addresses:
              - 192.168.10.0/24
            avoidBuggyIPs: true
            autoAssign: true

      l2advertisements:
        default:
          spec:
            ipAddressPools:
              - first-pool

      bgpadvertisements: {}
      bgppeers: {}
      communities: {}
      bfdprofiles: {}
```
<br />

The `charts:metallb-full:metallb` parameter section provides access to all the options of the base chart that installs MetalLB. You don’t need to change anything unless you want to install MetalLB in Free Range Routing (FRR) mode. To use FRR mode, set the option to `true`, as the example shows. 

<br />

```yaml
charts:

> charts:

Author: ```suggestion
```
